{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The textbook says on p504:\'a0"Avoid the temptation to develop your own requirements tools...".\'a0Nevertheless, for the sake of practice,\'a0imagine you are to develop a requirements management tool, and we are\'a0
\f1\b only
\f0\b0 \'a0addressing the activities in the\'a0"Change Control"\'a0category (see Lesson 11 slides, page 3, or [WB] p458\'a0Figure 27-1).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 (10pts)\'a0Read [WB] Chapter 28 carefully,\'a0and\'a0design your own change control process by writing down a list of\'a0
\f1\b activities
\f0\b0 \'a0you think are necessary to address a change request. You may use the state-transition diagram ([WB] Figure 28-2, or Lesson 11 slides page 13) as reference.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 (20pts) Draw a detailed IDEF0 diagram (see Lesson 9 for reference) for the process you defined. Note that the activities you identified in Q1 should become IDEF0 functions. Identify the ICOMs\'a0(input/control/output/mechanism) in the diagram as well. If it's easier, you can write down the ICOMs for each function as supplement text description to the diagram.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb2 Reminder
\f0\b0 : you are required to follow the rules defined by IDEF0. Please read/watch the lecture carefully before proceeding.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 (20pts) From the list of numerous\'a0NFRs\'a0mentioned in Lesson 10, write down two of them\'a0that could be relevant to your tool. Remember that we should always relate NFRs to FRs, so for each of your choice, explain how these NFRs could manifest themselves with some functions of the change management tool.\'a0\cb1 \
}